Upgrade to `frictionless` version ≥5.5 (#174)
echemdb/svgdigitizer: doc/news/frictionless5.rst

**Changed:**

> * Upgraded to frictionless >5.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgraded to frictionless 5.5.
```

> * JSON metadata files are saved with a newline at the end of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed formatting of JSON metadata files. A newline is now added automatically at the end of the file.
```
